Collected plant poetry 

Run #1 
Fairy Bloom, Nasturtium & Lace Hazelnut, Blueberry (Dry) Dahlia, Golden Peach (Dry) Dahlia, Goldberry (Dry) Dahlia, Honeydew (Dry) Dahlia, Kale Hybrid (Dry) Dahlia, Melon (Dry) Dahlia, Melon (Dry)     Dahlia,


Run #2 - changed some parameters: length=437, temperature=1.8


Beverly's Blue, White with Silver Lace Beverly's Red, Black and Red with Black and White With Silver Lace Cafe de Nast, Chocolate Peacock Pineapple, Chocolate Peacock Cream Pie, Black and Silver Lace Chocolate Peacock with Chocolate Chocolate Peacock - with Chocolate and Chocolate Brown Chocolate Peacock and Chocolatemake, Blue Lace Blend, White Bean and Chocolate Dalmatic, Chocolate with Blue Lace Chocolate with Cherry Red Lace Candy Flosses (Coconut) and Peanuts, Orange Coconut, Black Lotion Orange Cream with Peanut, Red Lotion & Red Lemon Cream, with Peanut & Lemon Cream Lotion. Lolita, Red Lotion Candy Floss and Orange Juice (Mixed), White Cream and White Red Cream. 

Lolita is a beautiful addition to the summer landscape with its bright purple flowers that blend together nicely and accentuates its vibrant purple shade. The bright purple leaves blend in with a lovely green base to produce beautiful foliage color and a vibrant pink center. Red with Red Cream. Red Cream is a great choice when your lawn or garden is not a bright color but a lovely blend of green foliage with purple flowers for a beautiful contrast. 

Red and Purple with White Lotion with Orange Lotion and Orange Orange Cream, White, White. White and Yellow. Lolita, Red and Purple with Orange Cream, White, White Red Cream, Yellow, Yellow Cream 

Lolita is a perfect choice for a bright color in a lush, beautiful lawn, with beautiful foliage or flower beds and flowers from all of those lovely blooms, from the beautiful red and purple with white littler flowers, to the lovely orange, blue littler and yellow littler blooms and the gorgeous pink purple blossoms that add a lovely contrast to the red and purple foliage. The beautiful pink purple blossoms are beautiful and are the most beautiful colors to



Run #3 - changed some parameter temperature to 2.4 and used the output of run #2 as input 

be in for a nice summer evening or even in fall as well, when they add an extra touch to any lawn. If you have not used Lolita before this summer or if you haven't noticed it is very pretty in the fall. It is very similar. If you are using it, just don't be fooled by the name, it doesn't make your lawns any more beautiful! It just does the job it was meant to. Lolita does a fantastic job of making your yards and fields beautiful and beautiful is just as true! The only way Lolita can make you beautiful and beautiful is through you making use of the natural beauty of the natural landscape of your area as if you're looking into some of those wonderful pictures from your garden! Lolita does all of this through natural plants. 

The only thing Lolita is different about it compared a lot are those beautiful blooms. 

White. Orange, Orange and Pink. Yellow and White are very nice, but I don't like those yellow. Orange, Blue, Purple, Yellow, Red, White, Red with Purple Orange Cream. Red and Red. Yellow. Pink, Red, Pink (Orange) and Blue (Orange), Orange cream, Orange 

I don't have many yellow or any yellow at all with any lawn I am using and that makes me very, very angry at the world. It has to get some better, I don't want that lawn to become any less lovely in its surroundings than what they had been. If they want to change, they are free to. But if they choose Lolita, Lolita will have that lovely color. If they don't choose it, I want nothing but happiness in the world. White. Yellow, Yellow and Pink. Purple and Purple Orange and Green


Run #4: using some of run #3 as input; step size = 0.05, temperature = 2 
(lots of weird stuff about microsoft and windows and liliana and alicia, who apparently appeared out of nowhere): 

I have had so few opportunities to choose colors from the rainbow and I am so glad I decided this year! It has been so long waiting for me and my husband to find something in particular and I feel so proud. Liliana, You are such a good girl! You are always ready to make a little gift and I'm glad to get a little of you in this little package I am putting this on right now for the holidays! Thanks, Molly Love Alicia,It's been more than two months since Microsoft released Windows 10 and the first batch of new features have started rolling out over the past several weeks to customers. While these features aren't perfect, Windows 10 seems much more stable than Windows 8.1, but Microsoft has a lot more work ahead, and some customers who upgraded to an 8 year old operating system may need some time before getting the Windows experience up-to-date. Windows 8, Windows 7, and XP In the first few days of Windows Update, Microsoft rolled out the following: New Start screen, and Start Button with a new design and icon that look different. The new look has an "app icon in a row with other windows. Windows 10 will also now show your taskbar, taskbar icons, and the taskbar in other programs on the system as well as on startup. Windows 10 will show you notifications when something happens or if you have any notifications turned on (the system is already doing that). Windows Store apps now run in landscape mode and you will now have a single Start menu for Windows 10. Windows Update now includes a "More" button to open a Windows Store search. Microsoft said there are many new ways

Run #5: used “space” as a theme word; turned temperature down to 1.4 because big yikes from last time lol. 

Using some of the original input as input for this one. Asked it to give me 500 words. 


Sierra Nevada Mix (Cherry Rose and Cherry Rose), Trey Tarrin-Riddle Garda, Cherry Rose, Rose Mountain, and GardenThe latest in a new documentary on our world's most famous and beloved animal, 'The Animals' (COS) in the UK, a documentary is about a documentary in which a new video is being made about animal rights abuses by the United Kingdom, the UK, Australia, the US and Canada on a wide variety of topics - like animal rights in the world of animals' lives and our own planet and world's energy needs. The film follows the story of an Australian scientist, an animal who was killed for "human-caused disaster", and then the planet's space station. This documentary explores life as it was in space on planet Earth for a long time and the life of earth as planet Mars and the planets planet Venus. This film is called Earth's End is an Earth-sized spacecraft that orbits our star, Earth, Earth-sized and orbiting planet Jupiter.The moon is orbiting in the sky. It was a celestial star of star star space in space, space space, earth orbit, space, space, space and space space space. The Moon, the sun stars and planets orbiting planets are the stars and planets orbiting the stars, planets orbiting the planet. This is the Earth star, star space, space space, space space, space and earth orbit space stars and planets orbiting the star stars and planetary planets orbits the star and planet planets orbiting the star and planet planets orbiting the star and planets orbiting the star and planets orbiting the star and planet space orbits the star and planets orbiting planets orbiting the star and planet orbiting the star and planet planets orbiting the star and planet orbiting the sun stars. Space space. The star star planet and planet are orbiting and orbiting the star and planet orbiting planet. Earth is orbiting and orbiting a star star and planet orbiting the solar planet and planets circling planet. Space space. Space space. planet. earth earth earth space. space. earth space. space. space. space. Earth space. space. planet. earth orbit space. space. space. space. earth. space. space. space. planet space. space Earth space. space. space. orbit. orbit. planet space. space. earth. space. planet Space. Earth moon orbit. orbit. orbit earth orbit, space space. earth orbit orbit, space


Run #6: step size 0.03, 500 words, temperature 1.4 
Last run and then i need to actually do something with all of this text; break it into poems somehow 

Passion Fruit, Sweet Cuts & Hearts Mix Sour Cherry, Honeycomb Lemon & Ginger, Sweet and Sweet Blend Crispy Apple Pie, Sweet Cream Blend Sweet & Salty Blend, Lemon and Ginger Sour Cherry and Sweet Cream Blend Bitter Apple Pie, Sweet Cream Blend Bitter & Rich, Strawberry Tart and Cucumber, Lemon Cream and Strawberry Blend Dirty & Cucumber, Cacao Bean Cream & Cucumber Blend Chocolate Cream, Chocolate & Cucumber, Chocolate Cream & Cucumber Blend Mango & Lemon, Lemon & Strawberry Lime & Ginger, Limes and Ginger Mix Pineapple, Orange & Lime Mix Orange & Grapefruit, Grapefruit Mix

This article contains affiliate links, which means we may earn a small commission if a reader clicks through and purchases something we link at no extra cost to you. All thoughts are our own and are not meant to endorse anything given. We are always looking for more delicious recipes for you guys to enjoy, especially if you make one of our own recipes. We've created this awesome recipe to give you a taste that is both quick and easy. This is my third time using this recipe, and I love it so much you should make it at least once! This is also perfect for the summer and fall, as it has a lot of great fresh herbs, as well a great combination with fresh veggies (which can easily be made vegetarian too)! The only thing I did not use was some extra flour, but if it was not available for a specific recipe I would have used it! What are you waiting for??? Grab one and make it today! 4.8 from 6 reviews Yield Ingredients: For the Balsamic Cream Sauce: For the Creaming: Directions: Combine the balsamic glaze with the olive oil in a blender until it is thick and smooth (this is easier to make if you have a high-powered blender like a Vitamix, as you may need a bit longer to blend). Add the water and continue blending until the mixture is smooth. Pour into your serving platters and spoon over the top of whatever you wish to garnish! Enjoy! Recipe adapted from My Favorite Vegan Bean Recipes.If there is one thing in life it seems, it

….wow, that version seems to have gotten really off track and thought it was a recipe blog. Not sure how that can actually turn into poetry….




Run #7: running it with new input scraped again from the seed catalog site, since they changed what’s on the front page and I got different stuff this time. Temperature =0.8, words = 305 (input: Cheerful flowers to greet you on the patio each morning.
From June through August, free-flowering phlox cultivar flings out constellations of bright-eyed blooms.
No two plants are ever the same!
Fast-growing giant.
Cheerful flowers can be planted close together to create a bustling display.
Like spreading ink, dark centers harmonize with vibrant-colored petals.
Vibrant orange flowers electrify borders and containers with color.
Cheery pollen-free blooms are dazzling in mass plantings and make for stunning cut flowers.
Choice cut flowers for cool season gardens.
Colorful, compact plants stay tidy.
Fiery orange-scarlet flowers.
Exciting new color of Hyacinth Bean Vine with white flowers and silvery, shiny 3-inch pods.
Proven garden performer, it stands up to any weather.
Pink and purple orchid-like blooms cascade from containers.
Add a touch of whimsy to beds and bouquets with ball-like flowers.
Vigorous, free-flowering tall plants with wide scarlet fans are among the season’s earliest bloomers.
Burpees Combo, Wonderland
Phlox, Popstars Purple with Eye Hybrid
Marigold, Chameleon
Sunflower, Kong Hybrid
Sunflower, Busy Bee
Vinca, Tattoo Papaya
Cosmos, Mandarin Orange
Sunflower, Suntastic Pink Bicolor Hybrid
Sweet Pea, Spanish Dancer
Nasturtium, Baby Rose
Asclepias, Red Butterfly
Hyacinth Bean Vine, Silver Moon
Geranium, Peppermint Twist
Angelonia, AngelMist Spreading Berry Sparkler
Craspedia, Drumstick
Celosia cristata,  Fan Dance Scarlet ) 

Output: 
ineapple, Red Apple Blossom Citrus, Orange Blossom Citrus, Peach Blossom Lily, Orange Blossom Rose, Rosemary Rosemary, Orange Blossom Raspberry, Raspberry Blossom Celosia, Red Rose Rosemary, Red Rose Citrus, Peach Blossom Pineapple, Pineapple Blossom Citrus, Plum Blossom Pineapple, Pink Plum Blossom Peach, Pink Plum Blossom Rose, Rosemary Rosemary, Rosemary Rosemary, Rosemary Rosemary, Rosemary Lily, Rosemary Lily, Rosemary Lily, Rosemary Lily, Rosemary Lily, Rosemary Lily, Rosemary Lily, Rosemary Lily, Rosemary Lily, Rosemary Lily, Rosemary Lily, Rosemary Lily, Rosemary Lily, Rosemary Lily, Rosemary Lily, Rosemary Lily, Rosemary Lily, Rosemary Sweet Pea, Sweet Pea, Rosemary Lily, Rosemary Lily, Rosemary Lily, Rosemary Lily, Rosemary Lily, Rosemary Citrus, Red Rose Citrus, Red Rose Citrus, Red Rose Citrus, Red Rose Citrus, Red Rose Citrus, Red Rose

This last one was a little too conservative and it got stuck listing names of fictitious flowers 
